None of your CSS loads properly.
You will never find that missing semicolon.
Your code will never meet Norm.
Your phone will encrypt all your texts in a method so secure, it can't be cracked even by the recipient.
You will always encounter an error while trying to connect to the Wi-Fi.
Your washer will shrink only half of your shirt.
All of your tinder matches will be bots.
The power will go out every time you get ready to watch a movie.
Your car will always run out of gas one mile away from a station.
They will never love you back.
The toilet will never flush all the way.
Your freezer won't go below 34 Degrees Fahrenheit (1 Degrees Celsius).
Your headphones will always be just too loud or just too quiet.
You will be stuck in the terminal for the rest of your life.
When you click "Submit" the webform will always hang indefinitely and never finish.
Your code may not compile or is invalid for some reasons.
Every time you (and only you) open a door, the hinges will always squeak and squeal hideously. Even on a sliding door.
You will never reach climax.
Your foot will always hit the last step of a staircase slightly before you expect it to.
You really have to sneeze, but you will lose it and it will be stuck forever.
Your burrito will always have a massive glob of sour cream on one side.
Every time you enter a room, you will forget why you were there.
Every time you pour a bowl of cereal you will have no milk in the fridge.
Your shift key will always be a little sticky, and your spacebar won't work every time.
Your phone will always die right before you plug it in.
Your windshield washers will squeak while on and you won't be able to see without them.
Whenever you have to poop in a pu blic bathroom, there will be no toilet paper left.
Whenever you pick up a slice of pizza all the cheese will slide off.
Your marinara sauce will never cling to your pasta.
You will always wake up four minutes before your alarm goes off, but never fully rested.
Every chair and table you sit at will have slightly uneven legs.
The audio and video never fully sync up in anything you watch.
Group conversation topics will always change whenever you think of a clever comment.
You will never have scissors available when you open a new package.
You will hit "reply all" on accident at all the worst possible times.
You will walk into a spiderweb every time you forget about this curse.
Any fruit and vegetables you buy will always be not ripe enough, and rotten the next day.
Every site that stores your credit card info will be hacked.
Every time you open your mouth a bug will fly in.
You can never go on public transit.
They will never sell clothes in your size.
You can't say the word "like" unless you say it a minimum of 7 times.
Your food will always be undercooked or burned.
There will always be a hair in your food.
All bugs within a mile radius will constantly gravitate towards you.
A small, adorable bird will crash into your window and die every night.
You will always have a mosquito bite between your toes.
Every time you worry about something, the worst case happens.
Every time you forget about this curse, you miss your next step and fall.
Every time you forget about this curse, a bird flying by will poop on you.
Every time you forget about this curse, an ant will literally crawl up your butt.
Everything that you ever read partially but never finish, you will never be able to read again.
Mundane objects in your hands will randomly catch fire, but never if it would be useful for them to do so.
Every time you forget about this curse, an eyelash will fall into your eye.
Every time you click refresh on a webpage the internet will drop.
Every time you say one of the words "think, idea, imagine, wonder, concept", or some variant thereof, you will be uncontrollably compelled to slap yourself in the face.
They'll always run out of that flavor you wanted right as you order it.
Your bed will always be too hot or too cold.
Your pillow will never settle comfortably.
You will always feel like there's a new zit on your face, and every time you check a mirror a new one will appear.
Trump will have YOU build the wall. By hand.
You will always get a splinter whenever you touch wood, no matter how processed and finished it is.
You will always drop anything someone hands to you. At least twice if it's a baby or a phone.
It will always rain when you want to go outside.
